Voidify (#44)
project-trident/trident-website: hugo-site/content/information/heritage.md

+++
title = "Heritage"
MenuTitle = "History"
Description = "General history of Project Trident"
chapter = false
weight = 2
pre = "<i class='fa fa-info'></i>   "
+++

Project Trident was started as a desktop distribution of [TrueOS](https://www.trueos.org), which was a rolling-release variant of [FreeBSD](https://www.freebsd.org).
The goal of the Project was to provide a simple, secure, and highly usable FreeBSD experience.
Project Trident is completely independent and [financially backed through the generous contributions of the Open Source community](/sponsors).

[Project Trident](https://project-trident.org) began in 2018 when TrueOS was reorganized into a scaled down server installation of FreeBSD.
The discontinued desktop portion of TrueOS was adopted by Ken Moore and J.T. Pennington, two desktop-focused TrueOS developers, and rebuilt into Project Trident.

> In 2019, Project Trident announced it would be leaving TrueOS/FreeBSD and rebasing the project upon [Void Linux](http://voidlinux.org) in order to better serve their users and provide essential functionality for a desktop system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In 2019, Project Trident announced it would be leaving TrueOS/FreeBSD and rebasing the project on [Void Linux](http://voidlinux.org) to better serve their users and provide essential functionality for a desktop system.
```
